You marry me and give you 600,000 bride price
No better than marrying him for nothing
Sister, what is your son doing?
To grab a wife with Wushuang
Ouch, what do you mean by stealing a wife?
It's your home
I don't want to spend a penny on the dowry
Recognize the little girl haha, that's right?
Your family is so poor
Following you is also suffering
Why don't you marry me?
Love and Wushuang are true love
I don't need a bride price to suffer
Married to Wushuang
I will be the happiest person in the world
The most honorable woman
How could it be suffering?
The happiest and most noble
Did Lu Hushuang lie to you?
Since childhood
The Lu family is the poorest in these ten miles and eight townships
His last wife cheated on him because she was poor
That's because Zhao Min has no eyes
Don't know the dragon